that's long ago mr. Herod built a home
theater PC right here right here
practically there in my living room but
well i brought it i think i ordered the
parts here we bring this up because
you've been playing around with the new
bios in some tweaks and have basically
rebuilt your home theater PC and I quote
things are always a bit cleaner the
second time around what you do totally
well added the new bios that i
downloaded from the zotac us a website
that was it didn't really fix a lot but
it added a few new temperature
monitoring features that i appreciate it
it's a really cool running system that i
am overclocking it quite a bit i just
want to make sure everything's cool
there and i always find that if there's
a new bios file and it's been out for a
little while nobody's complaining about
it why not put that on of course when I
was digging around in the bios I found a
couple other hard drive related settings
that if you tweak those you pretty much
have to reinstall the operating system
otherwise within windows at least it
just blue screens what kind of hard
drive settings would you be tweaking in
the bios that would uh what what did you
get power management better power
management with the drives and better
monitoring for the harddrive so i end up
always forgetting that one setting it's
usually buried in some men you did that
found it nailed it and then I also just
decided to start looking at what files i
was actually storing on the device
compared to what's on mine ass that's
connected in my in the house anyway the
network attached storage device that i
use for all my movies well i decided to
get all the audio off of that too and
put that back on the network attached
storage as well so well actually have
far fewer files now on the dorm thing
and i'm wondering i probably could have
went with even less storage then i ended
up putting on it the short of things
like bookmarks for certain websites and
radio stations that i listened to that i
keep readily accessible I've moved all
the audio and video now off of it and
it's just being streamed to the device
where it's all playback so do you have
like way too much hard drive down I
really do I've got like probably 400
gigs of storage on there that i'm using
probably 50 arcsoft totalmedia theater
platano 3 platinum is that's the one
software a piece that i have on that's
really the most important piece of
software Evan their cats for blu-ray
playback DVD playback and it also has a
nice upconversion feature 24 movie
playback of DVDs that I don't get that
same visual
quality when I do it with windows media
player so that's kind of a nice software
there other than that it was the chance
but also to make sure that everything
went haywire on that system I could
restore it pretty quick which it all
went really well bring me basically
moving data off and moving it back on
with a clean build I did come up with
one wishlist item now I would like a
solid state hard drive for that thing
when the prices come down when the
prices come down a little bit I think
that would be the next thing I'll add to
it along with that seat and tutor if it
ever shows up please and put then that
it's just it was really smooth it
rebuilt didn't take long at all even on
a relatively slow processor like the
intel atom processor didn't take much
time and i'm really happy with the
rebuild I didn't have one oddity though
you know i'm using that playstation 3
blu-ray remote control I like blu-ray
controllers just in general I out
blu-ray Bluetooth controllers for the
player and the controlling the the home
theater PC and I found that when the
batteries were low it would detect for
the handshaking of the two components
but it wouldn't complete it until I put
new batteries in it and that drove me I
probably spent a good I had to sleep on
it and finally do some searching on the
internet said you know what replace the
batteries so if you ever have Bluetooth
related problems with your devices make
sure you get fresh batteries in the darn
thing and it saves a lot of problems so
good call I think the SSD though for
just random access and usually the boot
up process which once it's running I
just leave it running but forever that'd
be the next little thing baby i don't
need a big one though either it could be
like 40 gigs something like that would
be Papa cheap it's getting there they're
cheap getting there we'll go to the
Internet i'll show you how dad I need to
look at